For Bessie the cows birthday, Farmer John has given her free reign over one of his best fields to eat grass.
The field is covered in N patches of grass (1 <= N <= 1000), conveniently numbered 1..N, that each have a distinct quality value. If Bessie eats grass of quality Q, she gains Q units of energy. Each patch is connected to up to 10 neighboring patches via bi-directional paths, and it takes Bessie E units of energy to move between adjacent patches (1 <= E <= 1,000,000). Bessie can choose to start grazing in any patch she wishes, and she wants to stop grazing once she has accumulated a maximum amount of energy.

Unfortunately, Bessie is a picky bovine, and once she eats grass of a certain quality, shell never eat grass at or below that quality level again! She is still happy to walk through patches without eating their grass; in fact, she might find it beneficial to walk through a patch of high-quality grass without eating it, only to return later for a tasty snack.

Please help determine the maximum amount of energy Bessie can accumulate.

INPUT FORMAT (file buffet.in):

The first line of input contains N and E. Each of the remaining N lines describe a patch of grass. They contain two integers Q and D giving the quality of the patch (in the range 11,000,000) and its number of neighbors. The remaining D numbers on the line specify the neighbors.
OUTPUT FORMAT (file buffet.out):

Please output the maximum amount of energy Bessie can accumulate.
SAMPLE INPUT:

5 2
4 1 2
1 3 1 3 4
6 2 2 5
5 2 2 5
2 2 3 4
SAMPLE OUTPUT:

7
Bessie starts at patch 4 gaining 5 units of energy from the grass there. She then takes the path to patch 5 losing 2 units of energy during her travel. She refuses to eat the lower quality grass at patch 5 and travels to patch 3 again losing 2 units of energy. Finally she eats the grass at patch 3 gaining 6 units of energy for a total of 7 energy.

Note tha the sample case above is different from test case 1 when you submit.

[Problem credits: Austin Anderson and Brian Dean, 2015]
